# User Agreements

## Collecting Personal Data

I agree to DaanMatch collecting the personal information in order to allow me to access certain data from DaanMatch’s services, to send me content that may be of interest such as email newsletters about new data and features, and to enable me to submit or upload or download content to DaanMatch’s services. I also agree to DaanMatch collecting the personal information set forth above for personalizing content, and to using my name, likeness, performance, and biographical data included in or associated with any content I provide in order to publicly disclose people who upload or download content together with their country, organization, organization type and postal code, for purposes of better understanding our users so as to develop data and features of interest. I understand that I may at any time withdraw my consent to DaanMatch using my personal information by sending an email to: info@daanmatch.com, and I understand that it may take a reasonable period of time after submitting my request for DaanMatch to act on my request. I consent to DaanMatch and/or its 3rd party tools placing cookies into my browser in order to facilitate my access to certain online features, to improve my user experience and to manage and monitor website services and traffic. The types of cookies that DaanMatch and/or its 3rd party tools place are described in full in DaanMatch’s Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy, which I acknowledge that I have read, understand and accept.

## Data Quality

I acknowledge that DaanMatch has made every attempt to ensure the completeness, accuracy and reliability of the information provided on this Site. However, since source materials for information provided vary in completeness, accuracy and quality, it is possible that some activity is not identified as such by DaanMatch; conversely, DaanMatch may show apparent activity where it is not actually taking place. Accordingly, DaanMatch makes no warranties, express or implied, or representations as to the accuracy of content on this Site and assumes no liability or responsibility for any error or omissions in the information contained in the Site.
